"Wallpaper -HD&Featured" User Agreement and Privacy Policy
Welcome to the "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" software and related services!
In order to better serve you, please read the "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" User Agreement and Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred 
to as "this Agreement"). Before you start using the "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" software and related services, please be sure to 
read and fully understand this agreement, especially the terms, licenses and information used in the exemption or limitation of 
liability, the law applies. And dispute resolution clauses, etc. Important content such as exemptions or restrictions on 
liability will be highlighted in bold form, and you should focus on reading. If you are under the age of 18, please read and 
fully understand this agreement, accompanied by the legal guardian, and download the software with the consent of the legal 
guardian.
Unless you fully accept the entire contents of this Agreement, you are not authorized to download, install, use (collectively 
referred to as "Using") "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" software, or use "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" by any means "Service, or any service 
provided by the "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" software (collectively referred to as "Usage" in this agreement). If you use the 
"Wallpaper -HD&Featured" software and related services, you are deemed to have fully understood this agreement and promise to 
be bound by the agreement as a party to this agreement.
1. Scope of application
1.1 This Agreement is between you and the Company (hereinafter referred to as the "Company") for downloading, installing and 
using the "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" software and obtaining the "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" software. Agreement entered into by the 
service. Certain services covered under this Agreement may be provided to you by the company's affiliates and control companies. 
If you know and agree to accept the above services, you are deemed to have accepted the rights and obligations between the 
parties and are also subject to this agreement. constraint.
1.2 “User” means all users who directly or indirectly obtain and use the “Wallpaper -HD&Featured” software and related services, 
including natural persons, legal persons and other organizations. In this agreement, it is called "user" or "you".
1.3 “Wallpaper -HD&Featured” refers to a client application named “Wallpaper -HD&Featured” legally owned and operated by the 
company. The company provides users with novel and popular wallpaper usage services.
1.4 The content of this agreement also includes relevant agreements and rules regarding the “Wallpaper -HD&Featured” software 
and related services that the company has released and subsequently released. Once the above content is officially released 
and delivered to the user in an appropriate manner (system notification, etc.), this is an integral part of this agreement 
and you should follow it as well.
2. Use "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" software and related services
2.1 You can use the "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" software and related services to obtain the "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" client 
application through pre-installation, authorized third-party downloads by the company. If you do not obtain the software from 
a company or a third party authorized by the company, the company cannot guarantee that the unofficial version of the 
"Wallpaper -HD&Featured" software can be used normally, and the loss you suffer is not related to the company.
2.2 You can use the "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" software and related services or update the "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" 
version according to your own needs, if you no longer need to use the "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" software and Related 
services can be uninstalled by yourself.
2.3 In order to better enhance the user experience and services, the company will provide software updates or changes from 
time to time (including but not limited to software modifications, upgrades, feature enhancements, development of new 
services, software replacement, etc.). In order to ensure the security of "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" software and related 
services, and enhance user services, after the software or related service updates or part of the service content is 
updated, the company will include, but is not limited to, system prompts, where possible, The announcement, the station 
letter, etc. prompt the user, the user has the right to choose to accept the updated version or service, if the user does 
not accept, some functions will be restricted or can not continue to use.
2.4 You may not make unauthorized access to the Wallpaper -HD&Featured software and related services, including but not 
limited to adaptation, reproduction, transmission, vertical search, mirroring or transaction, in any form, except with 
the prior written authorization of the company. Or use.
2.5 You understand that you use the "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" software and related services to prepare your own terminal 
devices (such as mobile phones) related to software and related services, once you open "Wallpaper - Ultra HD" in its 
terminal device & Mobile Desktop Software means that you use the "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" software and related services. 
In order to fully realize the full function of "Wallpaper -HD&Featured", you may need to network your terminal equipment, 
and you understand that you are responsible for the expenses (such as traffic charges, Internet charges, etc.).
2.6 The Company licenses your personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive and non-commercial rights to use the 
Wallpaper -HD&Featured software and related services. All other rights not expressly authorized by this Agreement 
are still reserved by the Company. You must obtain the written permission of the company separately when exercising 
these rights. At the same time, if the company does not exercise any of the foregoing rights, it does not constitute 
a waiver of the right.
3. User Code of Conduct
3.1 User Behavior Requirements
You are responsible for your use of this product and related services, and you may not use the "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" 
software and related services without the law or with the prior written permission of the company:
3.1.1 Interfere with, disrupt, modify or otherwise affect the normal operation of the Wallpaper -HD&Featured software 
and related services using any plug-ins, plug-ins, systems or third-party tools not authorized or licensed by the company.
3.1.2 Use or for the "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" software and related services to conduct any behavior that endangers computer 
network security, including but not limited to:
(1) Activities that illegally invade other people's networks, interfere with the normal functions of other people's networks, 
and steal network data, which endangers network security;
(2) Providing procedures and tools specially designed to engage in intrusion into the network, interfere with the normal 
functions and protective measures of the network, and steal network data and other harmful network security activities;
(3) If you know that others are engaged in activities that endanger network security, provide technical support, advertising 
promotion, payment settlement, etc.;
(4) Use unlicensed data or enter an unlicensed server/account;
(5) Entering the public computer network or other computer system without permission and deleting, modifying, and adding 
storage information;
(6) attempting to detect, scan, and test the weaknesses of the “Wallpaper -HD&Featured” system or network or other 
implementations that impair network security without permission;
(7) attempting to interfere with and disrupt the normal operation of the “Wallpaper -HD&Featured” system or website, 
deliberately spreading malicious programs or viruses and other acts that disrupt the interference with normal network 
information services;
(8) Forging a TCP/IP packet name or part name.
3.1.3 Reverse engineer, reverse assemble, compile, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Software for 
the Wallpaper -HD&Featured software.

3.2 Users using the "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" software and related services should consciously abide by constitutional laws, 
regulations, observe public order, respect social ethics, socialist system, national interests, citizens' legitimate rights 
and interests, morality and information authenticity, etc. Claim. Users may not use the "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" software 
and related services to create, copy, publish, and disseminate information containing:
(1) against the basic principles established by the Constitution;
(2) endangering national security and revealing state secrets;
(3) subverting state power, overthrowing the socialist system, inciting secession of the country, and undermining national unity;
(4) Damage to national honors and interests;
(5) Promoting terrorism and extremism;
(6) Promoting national hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining national unity;
(7) Inciting geographical discrimination and regional hatred;
(8) Destroying the national religious policy and promoting cults and superstitions;
(9) Fabricating, spreading rumors, false information, disrupting economic order and social order, and undermining social stability;
(10) spreading, spreading violence, obscenity, pornography, gambling, murder, terror or abetment;
(11) Infringe upon the lawful rights and interests of minors or damage the physical and mental health of minors;
(12) sneak shots, sneak a record of others, and infringe the legal rights of others without the permission of others;
(13) Containing terror, violent blood, high risk, harming the physical and mental health of the performer or others;
(14) Harmful to network security and use of the network to endanger national security, honour and interests;
(15) insulting or slandering others and infringing upon the lawful rights and interests of others;
(16) Violent threats, threats, and implementation of human flesh searches;
(17) involving the privacy, personal information or information of others;
(18) spreading slang words and damaging the public order and good customs;
(19) Infringing on the content of legal rights, such as the right to privacy, reputation, portrait, and intellectual property rights;
(20) Dispersing commercial advertisements, or similar commercial solicitation information, excessive marketing information, and spam;
(21) using other language comments other than the language of the website;
(22) Other information that violates laws, regulations, policies, and public order, interferes with the normal operation of 
“Wallpaper -HD&Featured” or infringes the content of legitimate rights of other users or third parties.
3.3 The company establishes a public complaints and reporting platform. Users can complain to the Wallpaper -HD&Featured team 
nihao28792901384@sina.com in accordance with the company's public complaint reporting system, report all kinds of illegal and 
illegal activities, illegal communication activities, illegal and harmful information, etc. Content, we will promptly 
accept and handle user complaints and reports to jointly create a literate network space.
4. Personal information protection
4.1 We work with you to protect the protection of your personal information. Protecting your personal information is one of 
the company's basic principles. In the process of using Wallpaper -HD&Featured, you may need to provide your personal information 
so that we can provide you with better service and corresponding technical support. You understand and agree that the 
Company has the right to acquire, use, store and share your personal information in compliance with laws and regulations, 
this Agreement and the Wallpaper -HD&Featured - Privacy Policy.
4.2 The company will use encryption technology, anonymization and other technical measures and other security measures that 
match the Wallpaper -HD&Featured to protect your personal information and prevent your information from being improperly 
used or unauthorized access. Use or leak and establish a sound management system for the aforementioned purposes.
4.3 We will not share your personal information with any third party other than the company and its affiliates without your 
prior express consent, except in the following cases:
(1) You share it with a third party;
(2) directly related to national security, national defense security, public safety, public health, and public interest;
(3) Disclosure or provision in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations, mandatory administrative 
and judicial requirements, or directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment execution. Subject 
to laws and regulations, when we receive the above request for disclosure, we will ask the other party to issue legal documents 
corresponding to it, such as a subpoena or investigation letter. We will conduct a cautious review of all requests to ensure 
that they have a legal basis and are limited to data that the administrative and judicial authorities have legal rights to 
obtain for specific investigation purposes;
(4) To protect the life and property rights of other users, companies and their related parties of “Wallpaper -HD&Featured” 
within the scope permitted by laws and regulations, or “Wallpaper -HD&Featured” Software and related services necessary for 
safe and stable operation, such as finding, preventing, handling fraud and other illegal activities and reducing credit risk 
(excluding violations of the commitments made in Wallpaper -HD&Featured - Privacy Policy) Make public profits or provide 
personal information for profit purposes);
(5) Collecting personal information from legally publicly disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports and government 
information disclosure;
(6) Other circumstances as stipulated by laws and regulations.

5. "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" data usage specification
Without the written permission of the company, the user may not authorize, permit or assist any third party to perform the 
following acts on the information content of the "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" software and related services of this agreement:
5.1 Copy, read, and use the information content of “Wallpaper -HD&Featured” software and related services for commercial 
purposes including but not limited to publicity, increased reading, and page views;
5.2 Unauthorized editing, sorting and arrangement of the information content of “Wallpaper -HD&Featured” software and related 
services will be displayed in channels other than the source page of “Wallpaper -HD&Featured” software and related services;
5.3 Use any form of identification including but not limited to special signs, special codes, etc., to assist or assist third 
parties in generating traffic and readings for the information or content of the “Wallpaper -HD&Featured” software and related 
services. Adverse effects such as transfer and hijacking;
5.4 Other illegal access to the information content of the "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" software and related services.
6. Default treatment
6.1 The company reserves the right to independently determine and take action as appropriate in connection with your breach 
of this Agreement or other terms of service. Relevant records will be kept for suspected violations of laws and regulations 
and suspected illegal crimes, and report to relevant competent authorities in accordance with the law and cooperate with 
relevant competent authorities for investigation.
6.2 You shall bear full legal responsibility for any third-party complaints or litigation claims arising out of your breach 
of this Agreement or other terms of service. If your company violates the law or breach of contract and causes the company, 
its affiliates, and the controlling company to compensate any third party or suffer punishment from the state agency, you 
should also fully compensate the company, its affiliates, and the company for all losses.
6.3 The company respects and protects the legal rights and interests of legal persons, citizens' intellectual property rights, 
reputation rights, name rights, and privacy rights. You warrant that the use of the "Wallpaper -HD&Featured" software and 
related services to create, copy, publish, and disseminate information does not infringe the rights and legal rights of any 
third party's intellectual property, reputation, name, privacy, etc. . You shall bear all legal liabilities for all claims 
made by third parties; if the company and its affiliates and controlling companies suffer losses (including economic, 
goodwill, etc.) due to your infringement, you should also be fully insured. Compensation company and its affiliates, 
control company suffered all losses.
7. Service change, interruption and termination
7.1 You understand and agree that the “Wallpaper -HD&Featured” software and related services provided by the company are 
provided in accordance with the current technology and conditions. The company will do its utmost to provide you with 
services to ensure continuity and security. You understand that the company cannot anticipate and prevent technical 
and other risks at any time, including but not limited to force majeure,
