Terms of Use
The use of the Wallpaper -HD&Featured application is subject to our privacy policy, which is included by reference in this EULA. 
This EULA also includes any other payment terms and other requirements stipulated on the download or purchase page of 
Wallpaper -HD&Featured Apps for which you purchased or downloaded Wallpaper -HD&Featured Apps. The Wallpaper -HD&Featured 
application is available through a market for distributing mobile applications, and if you download or install the 
Wallpaper -HD&Featured application through that market, there may be other terms, conditions, and rules of use to manage your 
use of the Wallpaper -HD&Featured application.
1. Age requirement:
You must be at least 13 years old (or 16 in the EEA) to install or use the Wallpaper -HD&Featured application. If you are at least 
13 years old (or 16 in the eea) but not yet 18, please have your parents or legal guardian review this EULA with you, discuss 
any issues you may encounter, and install the Wallpaper -HD&Featured application for you.
Parent and guardian's notice: you agree to the terms and conditions of this EULA on behalf of your child by granting permission 
for your child to download and access the Wallpaper -HD&Featured application. You are responsible for monitoring your child's 
online activities. If you disagree with this EULA, please prevent your child from using Wallpaper -HD&Featured Apps or related 
functions. If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 13 (or 16 in the eea), and believe he or she is using the 
Wallpaper -HD&Featured app, please contact us at grzhsy0807@sina.com.
2. Grant of license:
In your under the premise of abide by the terms and conditions of this EULA, IAC grants you a limited, nonexclusive, revocable, 
not to license, non-transferable license, to access, download and install the latest version Wallpaper -HD&Featured applications 
in you have authorized or control of a single mobile device, used only for legitimate, personal and non-commercial entertainment 
purposes.
3.Wallpaper -HD&Featured APP features:
Wallpaper -HD&Featured Apps allow you to enjoy a variety of functions, functions and services that can change from time to 
time (collectively known as the "Wallpaper -HD&Featured application functions"). The Wallpaper -HD&Featured application function 
is provided by IAC with a third-party provider providing content and/or services via Wallpaper -HD&Featured Apps (" a third-party partner "). The Wallpaper -HD&Featured application function may only provide location data for basic navigation purposes, without the intention of relying on them in cases where accurate location information or errors, inaccurate or incomplete location data may lead to death or personal injury. 
Property or environmental damage. Neither IAC nor any of its third-party partners can guarantee the availability, accuracy, 
integrity, reliability or timeliness of the location data displayed by any Wallpaper -HD&Featured App.
4. Third-party partners:
1. Third-party services and content. Wallpaper -HD&Featured Apps can be integrated, integrated, bundled or provided with 
third-party services, advertising, feeds and/or content. If you are installing a Wallpaper -HD&Featured application with 
third-party services and content, these services and content are subject to third-party terms of service and privacy policies, 
which can be found on the relevant third-party partner websites. Wallpaper -HD&Featured Apps may provide access to, or links to, 
the websites or resources of a third-party partner. IAC can not control these sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree 
that IAC are not responsible for the availability of the such external sites or resources, and no any content, advertising, 
products, or other approved material or assume any liability or obligation on such sites or resources or from you further 
acknowledge and agree that IAC is wrong due to the use of or reliance on any such content (defined below), the goods or its 
caused by or associated with any damage or loss, directly or indirectly responsible or liable. Services provided through any 
such website or resource. IAC will not participate in or in any way be responsible for monitoring any transactions between you 
and third party partners.
2. Access to third-party services and content through the Wallpaper -HD&Featured application. All services, advertising, feeds 
and content, including but not limited to all data, links, articles, graphics or video message, and all the information, text, 
software, music, sound, graphics, or other materials (" content "and") by Wallpaper -HD&Featured applications that provide or 
access, whether public or private, are initiated by the entity or person in charge. You confirm and agree that by using the 
Wallpaper -HD&Featured application, you can access content that can be offensive, obscene or objectionable in your community. 
You agree to accept all risks associated with the use of any content, including reliance on the accuracy or completeness of 
such content. In no event will IAC be liable for any content created or initiated by an entity other than IAC, including without 
limitation any errors or omissions in any such content, or any type of loss or damage to Wallpaper -HD&Featured App caused by 
transmission or publication of such content.
5. Security:
As with other consumer technologies, Wallpaper -HD&Featured Apps may not be 100% secure. By accepting this EULA, you acknowledge 
and accept Wallpaper -HD&Featured Apps as well as any information downloaded or provided by you through the Wallpaper -HD&Featured App, 
which can be accessed, intercepted, damaged or compromised without authorization, and cannot be deemed as 100% secure. You are 
solely responsible for such security risks and any damage caused thereby. In addition, you are responsible for protecting your 
mobile devices from unauthorized access, including using sophisticated password protection, and enabling device encryption in 
your Settings for Android users. You agree that Wallpaper -HD&Featured is not responsible for unauthorized access to your mobile 
device or application data on it.
6. Uninstall/remove Wallpaper -HD&Featured APP:
The methods of uninstalling and removing vary depending on your device. To uninstall and remove the Wallpaper -HD&Featured 
application, use the application manager provided with the device or refer to the device manual for reference.
7. Agree to use data:
You agree that we can collect and use technical data and related information, including but not limited to technical information 
about your device, system and application software and peripherals, which will be collected regularly to provide software updates, 
product support and other services for you (if available) with Wallpaper -HD&Featured Apps. We may use this information in 
accordance with our privacy policy here
8. Intellectual property rights:
Apal applications, including IAC will provide you with all of the design, text, images, photographs, illustrations, audio clips, 
video clips, works of art, graphics data, code, content, protocol, software and documentation, both for IAC IAC property or 
property of the licensee, the United States and the international copyright, trademark, patent and other ownership and 
intellectual property rights related to the protection of the law. "Intellectual property rights" shall mean the rights under 
the patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws and any other intellectual property rights or ownership recognized in 
any country or region of the world, including but not limited to moral or similar rights. You must not delete, change, or 
remove any copyright, trademark, or other ownership statement placed by us or a third party partner on or within the Wallpaper -HD&Featured application. All rights not expressly granted are expressly reserved to IAC and its licensors.
The name, logo, and associated property of IAC and Wallpaper -HD&Featured are the exclusive property of IAC or its affiliates. 
All other trademarks appearing on any Wallpaper -HD&Featured App are the trademarks of their respective owners, and it is in the 
interests of the trademark owner to use such trademarks. Our partner or service provider can also have additional ownership in 
the content provided by its Wallpaper -HD&Featured App. Trademark names, trademarks and service marks that we have, whether 
registered or unregistered, shall not be used in any way that may cause confusion with any products or services that are not 
ours. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as granting by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right to 
use any of our trade names,
9. Termination:
If you fail to comply with any of the terms and conditions of this EULA, your rights under this EULA will automatically and 
immediately terminate without any notice from IAC. You understand that IAC can at its discretion modify or terminate or suspend 
the right for you to access any of our services or to use any Wallpaper -HD&Featured application at any time. In addition, 
IAC can suspend or terminate any license under this agreement at any time and in any way, with Wallpaper -HD&Featured Apps or 
any of its component functions disabled. You agree that IAC is not responsible for the termination or disabling of Wallpaper -HD&Featured 
Apps by you or any third party. When this EULA expires or terminates, you must immediately cease using the Wallpaper -HD&Featured 
application and destroy all copies of the Wallpaper -HD&Featured application that you own or control. Termination shall not 
limit any other rights or remedies under IAC' law or equity. Section JS and any supplemental provisions of this EULA will 
survive the termination or expiration of this EULA for any reason whatsoever.
10. Limitation of liability:
Within the scope of the applicable law, you clearly understand and agree that IAC wrong for any direct, indirect, incidental, 
special, secondary or punitive damages, including but not limited to loss of profits, goodwill, use damage, data loss or other 
intangible (even if IAC has been told the possibility of such damages), the reason is: (I) use or not use Wallpaper -HD&Featured 
applications; (II) unauthorized access to or modification of your transmission or data; (III) any statement or act of a third 
party; Or (IV) any other matters relating to Wallpaper -HD&Featured APPS. In any event, the full liability of IAC for all 
damages, losses and causes of actions (whether in the contract, including without limitation negligence) or otherwise exceeds 
the amount paid by you, if any, unless Wallpaper -HD&Featured APP is accessed.
If any of the exclusions in this section are determined to be unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then all such 
express, implied, and statutory warranties shall be limited to a period of thirty (30) days from the date of availability of 
the Wallpaper -HD&Featured application for which you first access the Wallpaper -HD&Featured application without providing any 
warranties beyond such period.
11. How to contact us?
If you have any questions about this EULA, please contact us by email or by mail as follows: nihao28792901384@sina.com

